# AboutUser

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**GlobalAccessLevel** | **string** | The global access level of the User.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;admin\&quot; - Full administrative access. \&quot;none\&quot; - No access. \&quot;read-only\&quot; - Read only access. \&quot;read-write\&quot; - Read and write access. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionActive** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Indicates whether a session is active for this request.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. Available since 2.24. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionCreateTime** | **int32** | The timestamp of when the session was created.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionCurrentTime** | **int32** | The current server timestamp. This is provided as a reference point for the other timestamps provided.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionHardExpiryTime** | **int32** | The hard expiry time for the session. After this time the session will be invalid, regardless of activity.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionId** | **string** | An identifier for the session to differentiate this session from other sessions for the same user. This value is not guaranteed to be unique between active sessions for different users.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionIdleExpiryTime** | **int32** | The session idle expiry time. After this time the session will be invalid if there has been no activity.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. This attribute may not be returned in a GET. This value represents the number of seconds since 1970-01-01 00:00:00 UTC (Unix time). Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**Username** | **string** | The username of the User.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/none\&quot;. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

