# Broker

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AuthBruteForceProtectionEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable protection against brute force password guessing attacks on local management accounts.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.40. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthClientCertRevocationCheckMode** | **string** | The client certificate revocation checking mode used when a client authenticates with a client certificate.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;none\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - Do not perform any certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp\&quot; - Use the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;crl\&quot; - Use Certificate Revocation Lists (CRL) for certificate revocation checking. \&quot;ocsp-crl\&quot; - Use OCSP first, but if OCSP fails to return an unambiguous result, then check via CRL. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthRequiredAccessLevelGatherDiagnostics** | **string** | The access level required to generate encrypted gather-diagnostics output, which can only be decrypted by Solace support. global/admin is always required to generate unencrypted gather-diagnostics output. Gather-diagnostics output may contain sensitive information.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;global-read-only\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;global-read-only\&quot; - Generating encrypted gather-diagnostics output requires global/read-only. \&quot;global-admin\&quot; - Generating encrypted gather-diagnostics output requires global/admin. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.48. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncAuthenticationClientCertMaxChainDepth** | **int64** | The maximum depth for a client certificate chain. The depth of a chain is defined as the number of signing CA certificates that are present in the chain back to a trusted self-signed root CA certificate.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. Client certificate authentication is deprecated for config-sync. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncAuthenticationClientCertValidateDateEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable validation of the \&quot;Not Before\&quot; and \&quot;Not After\&quot; validity dates in the authentication certificate(s).  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. Client certificate authentication is deprecated for config-sync. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpInitialCongestionWindow** | **int64** | Obsolete.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;2&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. The value is now ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpKeepaliveCount** | **int64** | The number of TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile before declaring that it is not available.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;5&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpKeepaliveIdle** | **int64** | The amount of time a client connection using the Client Profile must remain idle before TCP begins sending keepalive probes, in seconds.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpKeepaliveInterval** | **int64** | The amount of time between TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile when no acknowledgment is received, in seconds.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpMaxWindow** | **int64** | Obsolete.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;256&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. The value is now ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncClientProfileTcpMss** | **int64** | The TCP maximum segment size for clients using the Client Profile, in bytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;1460&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable configuration synchronization for High Availability or Disaster Recovery.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncSynchronizeUsernameEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the synchronizing of usernames within High Availability groups. The transition from not synchronizing to synchronizing will cause the High Availability mate to fall out of sync. Recommendation: leave this as enabled.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConfigSyncTlsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the use of TLS encryption of the configuration synchronization communications between brokers in High Availability groups and/or Disaster Recovery sites.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.22. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationScheduleDayList** | **string** | The days of the week to schedule defragmentation runs, specified as \&quot;daily\&quot; or as a comma-separated list of days. Days must be specified as \&quot;Sun\&quot;, \&quot;Mon\&quot;, \&quot;Tue\&quot;, \&quot;Wed\&quot;, \&quot;Thu\&quot;, \&quot;Fri, or \&quot;Sat\&quot;, with no spaces, and in sorted order from Sunday to Saturday. Please note \&quot;Sun,Mon,Tue,Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat\&quot; is not allowed, use \&quot;daily\&quot; instead.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;daily\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationScheduleEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable schedule-based defragmentation of Guaranteed Messaging spool files.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationScheduleTimeList** | **string** | The times of the day to schedule defragmentation runs, specified as \&quot;hourly\&quot; or as a comma-separated list of 24-hour times in the form hh:mm, or h:mm. There must be no spaces, and times (up to 4) must be in sorted order from 0:00 to 23:59.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;0:00\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationThresholdEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable threshold-based defragmentation of Guaranteed Messaging spool files.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationThresholdFragmentationPercentage** | **int64** | Percentage of spool fragmentation needed to trigger defragmentation run. The minimum value allowed is 30%.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;50&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationThresholdMinInterval** | **int64** | Minimum interval of time (in minutes) between defragmentation runs triggered by thresholds.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;15&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingDefragmentationThresholdUsagePercentage** | **int64** | Percentage of spool usage needed to trigger defragmentation run. The minimum value allowed is 30%.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;50&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable Guaranteed Messaging.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventCacheUsageThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventCacheUsageThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventCacheUsageThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventDeliveredUnackedThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventDeliveredUnackedThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventDeliveredUnackedThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventDiskUsageThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventDiskUsageThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventDiskUsageThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventEgressFlowCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventEgressFlowCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventEgressFlowCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventEndpointCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventEndpointCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventEndpointCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventIngressFlowCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventIngressFlowCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventIngressFlowCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolFileCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolFileCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolFileCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionResourceCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionResourceCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactedSessionResourceCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingEventTransactionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactionCountThreshold**](BrokerGuaranteedMsgingEventTransactionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMaxCacheUsage** | **int32** | Guaranteed messaging cache usage limit. Expressed as a maximum percentage of the NAB&#x27;s egress queueing. resources that the guaranteed message cache is allowed to use.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;10&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMaxMsgSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum total message spool usage allowed across all VPNs on this broker, in megabytes. Recommendation: the maximum value should be less than 90% of the disk space allocated for the guaranteed message spool.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1500&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMsgSpoolSyncMirroredMsgAckTimeout** | **int64** | The maximum time, in milliseconds, that can be tolerated for remote acknowledgment of synchronization messages before which the remote system will be considered out of sync.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingMsgSpoolSyncMirroredSpoolFileAckTimeout** | **int64** | The maximum time, in milliseconds, that can be tolerated for remote disk writes before which the remote system will be considered out of sync.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**GuaranteedMsgingTransactionReplicationCompatibilityMode** | **string** | The replication compatibility mode for the broker. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;legacy\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:\&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions.\&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;legacy\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;legacy\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site without using transactions. \&quot;transacted\&quot; - All transactions originated by clients are replicated to the standby site using transactions. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**OauthProfileDefault** | **string** | The default OAuth profile for OAuth authenticated SEMP requests.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.24. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceAmqpEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the AMQP service. When disabled new AMQP Clients may not connect through the global or per-VPN AMQP listen-ports, and all currently connected AMQP Clients are immediately disconnected.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceAmqpTlsListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that AMQP clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceAmqpEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerServiceEventConnectionCountThreshold**](BrokerServiceEventConnectionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the plain-text health-check service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckListenPort** | **int64** | The port number for the plain-text health-check service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The health-check service must be disabled to change the port.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceHealthCheckEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;5550&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckTlsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the TLS health-check service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.34. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceHealthCheckTlsListenPort** | **int64** | The port number for the TLS health-check service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The health-check service must be disabled to change the port.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceHealthCheckTlsEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.34. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMateLinkEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the mate-link service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMateLinkListenPort** | **int64** | The port number for the mate-link service. The port must be unique across the message backbone. The mate-link service must be disabled to change the port.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceMateLinkEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;8741&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMqttEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the MQTT service. When disabled new MQTT Clients may not connect through the per-VPN MQTT listen-ports, and all currently connected MQTT Clients are immediately disconnected.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceMsgBackboneEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the msg-backbone service. When disabled new Clients may not connect through global or per-VPN listen-ports, and all currently connected Clients are immediately disconnected.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRedundancyEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the redundancy service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRedundancyFirstListenPort** | **int64** | The first listen-port used for the redundancy service. Redundancy uses this port and the subsequent 2 ports. These port must be unique across the message backbone. The redundancy service must be disabled to change this port.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceRedundancyEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;8300&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestEventOutgoingConnectionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerServiceRestEventOutgoingConnectionCountThreshold**](BrokerServiceRestEventOutgoingConnectionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestIncomingEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the REST service incoming connections on the broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceRestOutgoingEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the REST service outgoing connections on the broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempCorsAllowAnyHostEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable cross origin resource requests for the SEMP service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.24. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempLegacyTimeoutEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable extended SEMP timeouts for paged responses. When a request times out, it returns the current page of content, even if the page is not full.  When enabled, the timeout is 60 seconds. When disabled, the timeout is 5 seconds.  The recommended setting is disabled (no legacy-timeout).  This parameter is intended as a temporary workaround to be used until SEMP clients can handle short pages.  This setting will be removed in a future release.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.18. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempPlainTextEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable plain-text SEMP service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for plain-text SEMP client connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. This attribute cannot be cannot be changed while serviceSempPlainTextEnabled are set to true. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;80&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempSessionIdleTimeout** | **int32** | The session idle timeout, in minutes. Sessions will be invalidated if there is no activity in this period of time.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;15&#x60;. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempSessionMaxLifetime** | **int32** | The maximum lifetime of a session, in minutes. Sessions will be invalidated after this period of time, regardless of activity.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;43200&#x60;. Available since 2.21. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempTlsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable TLS SEMP service.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSempTlsListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for TLS SEMP client connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. This attribute cannot be cannot be changed while serviceSempTlsEnabled are set to true. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1943&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfCompressionListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw compression TCP.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceSmfEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;55003&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the SMF service. When disabled new SMF Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected SMF Clients are immediately disconnected.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerServiceSmfEventConnectionCountThreshold**](BrokerServiceSmfEventConnectionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceSmfEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;55555&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfRoutingControlListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw routing control TCP.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceSmfEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;55556&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceSmfTlsListenPort** | **int64** | TCP port number that SMF clients can use to connect to the broker using raw TCP over TLS.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceSmfEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;55443&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceTlsEventConnectionCountThreshold** | [***BrokerServiceTlsEventConnectionCountThreshold**](BrokerServiceTlsEventConnectionCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the web-transport service. When disabled new web-transport Clients may not connect through the global listen-ports, and all currently connected web-transport Clients are immediately disconnected.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportPlainTextListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for plain-text WEB client connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceWebTransportEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;8008&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportTlsListenPort** | **int64** | The TCP port for TLS WEB client connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceWebTransportEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1443&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceWebTransportWebUrlSuffix** | **string** | Used to specify the Web URL suffix that will be used by Web clients when communicating with the broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as serviceWebTransportEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.17. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsBlockVersion11Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the blocking of TLS version 1.1 connections. When blocked, all existing incoming and outgoing TLS 1.1 connections with Clients, SEMP users, and LDAP servers remain connected while new connections are blocked. Note that support for TLS 1.1 will eventually be discontinued, at which time TLS 1.1 connections will be blocked regardless of this setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteManagementList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS management connections (e.g. SEMP, LDAP) when using TLS 1.2 and lower. The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteMsgBackboneList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for TLS data connections (e.g. client pub/sub) when using TLS 1.2 and lower. The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/mesh-manager\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCipherSuiteSecureShellList** | **string** | The colon-separated list of cipher suites used for secure shell connections (e.g. SSH, SFTP, SCP). The value \&quot;default\&quot; implies all supported suites ordered from most secure to least secure.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;default\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsCrimeExploitProtectionEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable protection against the CRIME exploit. When enabled, TLS+compressed messaging performance is degraded. This protection should only be disabled if sufficient ACL and authentication features are being employed such that a potential attacker does not have sufficient access to trigger the exploit.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsServerCertContent** | **string** | The PEM formatted content for the server certificate used for TLS connections. It must consist of a private key and between one and three certificates comprising the certificate trust chain.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsServerCertPassword** | **string** | The password for the server certificate used for TLS connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/admin\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsStandardDomainCertificateAuthoritiesEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the standard domain certificate authority list.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.19. | [optional] [default to null]
**TlsTicketLifetime** | **int32** | The TLS ticket lifetime in seconds. When a client connects with TLS, a session with a session ticket is created using the TLS ticket lifetime which determines how long the client has to resume the session.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;global/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;86400&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.45. This attribute had been deprecated. TLS session tickets are no longer supported. | [optional] [default to null]
**WebManagerAllowUnencryptedWizardsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the use of unencrypted wizards in the Web-based Manager UI. This setting should be left at its default on all production systems or other systems that need to be secure.  Enabling this option will permit the broker to forward plain-text data to other brokers, making important information or credentials available for snooping.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.28. | [optional] [default to null]
**WebManagerCustomization** | **string** | Reserved for internal use by Solace.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.25. | [optional] [default to null]
**WebManagerRedirectHttpEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable redirection of HTTP requests for the broker manager to HTTPS.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.24. | [optional] [default to null]
**WebManagerRedirectHttpOverrideTlsPort** | **int32** | The HTTPS port that HTTP requests will be redirected towards in a HTTP 301 redirect response. Zero is a special value that means use the value specified for the SEMP TLS port value.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;global/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.24. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

