# MsgVpnProxy

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AuthenticationBasicPassword** | **string** | The password to use with basic authentication.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationBasicUsername** | **string** | The username to use with basic authentication.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationScheme** | **string** | The authentication scheme used to connect to the proxy.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;none\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - No authentication. \&quot;basic\&quot; - Username/password authentication. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the proxy. When disabled, no connections are initiated to this particular Proxy.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Host** | **string** | The IP address or host name of the proxy.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Port** | **int32** | The port to connect to on the proxy host.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProxyName** | **string** | The name of the proxy.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProxyType** | **string** | The type of proxy.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;direct\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;direct\&quot; - Direct connection (no proxy). \&quot;http\&quot; - HTTP proxy. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

