# MsgVpnMqttSession

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the MQTT Session. When disabled, the client is disconnected, new messages matching QoS 0 subscriptions are discarded, and new messages matching QoS 1 subscriptions are stored for future delivery.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MqttSessionClientId** | **string** | The Client ID of the MQTT Session, which corresponds to the ClientId provided in the MQTT CONNECT packet.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MqttSessionVirtualRouter** | **string** | The virtual router of the MQTT Session.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;primary\&quot; - The MQTT Session belongs to the primary virtual router. \&quot;backup\&quot; - The MQTT Session belongs to the backup virtual router. \&quot;auto\&quot; - The MQTT Session is automatically assigned a virtual router at creation, depending on the broker&#x27;s active-standby role. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Owner** | **string** | The owner of the MQTT Session. For externally-created sessions this defaults to the Client Username of the connecting client. For management-created sessions this defaults to empty.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueConsumerAckPropagationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the propagation of consumer acknowledgments (ACKs) received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueDeadMsgQueue** | **string** | The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ) used by the MQTT Session Queue.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueEventBindCountThreshold** | [***MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventBindCountThreshold**](MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventBindCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold** | [***MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold**](MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueEventRejectLowPriorityMsgLimitThreshold** | [***MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventRejectLowPriorityMsgLimitThreshold**](MsgVpnMqttSessionQueueEventRejectLowPriorityMsgLimitThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxBindCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind to the MQTT Session Queue.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1000&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxDeliveredUnackedMsgsPerFlow** | **int64** | The maximum number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow for the MQTT Session Queue.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxMsgSize** | **int32** | The maximum message size allowed in the MQTT Session Queue, in bytes (B).  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;10000000&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxMsgSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum message spool usage allowed by the MQTT Session Queue, in megabytes (MB). A value of 0 only allows spooling of the last message received and disables quota checking.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;5000&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxRedeliveryCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of times the MQTT Session Queue will attempt redelivery of a message prior to it being discarded or moved to the DMQ. A value of 0 means to retry forever.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxTtl** | **int64** | The maximum time in seconds a message can stay in the MQTT Session Queue when &#x60;queueRespectTtlEnabled&#x60; is &#x60;\&quot;true\&quot;&#x60;. A message expires when the lesser of the sender assigned time-to-live (TTL) in the message and the &#x60;queueMaxTtl&#x60; configured for the MQTT Session Queue, is exceeded. A value of 0 disables expiry.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueRejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the checking of low priority messages against the &#x60;queueRejectLowPriorityMsgLimit&#x60;. This may only be enabled if &#x60;queueRejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior&#x60; does not have a value of &#x60;\&quot;never\&quot;&#x60;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueRejectLowPriorityMsgLimit** | **int64** | The number of messages of any priority in the MQTT Session Queue above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueRejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior** | **string** | Determines when to return negative acknowledgments (NACKs) to sending clients on message discards. Note that NACKs cause the message to not be delivered to any destination and Transacted Session commits to fail.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as queueRejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;when-queue-enabled\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;never\&quot; - Silently discard messages. \&quot;when-queue-enabled\&quot; - NACK each message discard back to the client, except messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled. \&quot;always\&quot; - NACK each message discard back to the client, including messages that are discarded because an endpoint is administratively disabled. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueRespectTtlEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the respecting of the time-to-live (TTL) for messages in the MQTT Session Queue. When enabled, expired messages are discarded or moved to the DMQ.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.14. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

