# MsgVpnTelemetryProfile

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueEventBindCountThreshold** | [***MsgVpnTelemetryProfileQueueEventBindCountThreshold**](MsgVpnTelemetryProfileQueueEventBindCountThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold** | [***MsgVpnTelemetryProfileQueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold**](MsgVpnTelemetryProfileQueueEventMsgSpoolUsageThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxBindCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of consumer flows that can bind to the Queue.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**QueueMaxMsgSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum message spool usage allowed by the Queue, in megabytes (MB).  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;800000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverAclConnectDefaultAction** | **string** | The default action to take when a receiver client connects to the broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;disallow\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;allow\&quot; - Allow client connection unless an exception is found for it. \&quot;disallow\&quot; - Disallow client connection unless an exception is found for it. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the ability for receiver clients to consume from the #telemetry queue.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverEventConnectionCountPerClientUsernameThreshold** | [***MsgVpnTelemetryProfileReceiverEventConnectionCountPerClientUsernameThreshold**](MsgVpnTelemetryProfileReceiverEventConnectionCountPerClientUsernameThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverMaxConnectionCountPerClientUsername** | **int64** | The maximum number of receiver connections per Client Username.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default is the maximum value supported by the platform. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpCongestionWindowSize** | **int64** | Obsolete.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;2&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. The value is now ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpKeepaliveCount** | **int64** | The number of TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile before declaring that it is not available.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;5&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpKeepaliveIdleTime** | **int64** | The amount of time a client connection using the Client Profile must remain idle before TCP begins sending keepalive probes, in seconds.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpKeepaliveInterval** | **int64** | The amount of time between TCP keepalive retransmissions to a client using the Client Profile when no acknowledgment is received, in seconds.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpMaxSegmentSize** | **int64** | The TCP maximum segment size for clients using the Client Profile, in bytes. Changes are applied to all existing connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1460&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReceiverTcpMaxWindowSize** | **int64** | Obsolete.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;256&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.48. The value is now ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**TelemetryProfileName** | **string** | The name of the Telemetry Profile.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TraceEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable generation of all trace span data messages. When enabled, the state of configured trace filters control which messages get traced. When disabled, trace span data messages are never generated, regardless of the state of trace filters.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TraceSendSpanGenerationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable generation of send spans. For the most complete view of broker message processing, this should be enabled. If the information provided by send spans are not needed, send spans can be disabled to reduce the performance impact of tracing.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Available since 2.36. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

