# MsgVpnKafkaReceiver

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamAccessKeyId** | **string** | The AWS Access Key identifier, typically beginning \&quot;AKIA...\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamRegion** | **string** | The AWS Region code, such as \&quot;us-east-1\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamSecretAccessKey** | **string** | The AWS Access Key secret.  The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamStsExternalId** | **string** | The External ID is a unique identifier that might be required when assuming a role. Used with STS only; optional.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamStsRoleArn** | **string** | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume, typically beginning \&quot;arn:aws:iam::...\&quot;. Used with STS only.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationAwsMskIamStsRoleSessionName** | **string** | An identifier for the assumed role&#x27;s session. Used with STS only.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.46. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationBasicPassword** | **string** | The password for the Username. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;basic\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationBasicUsername** | **string** | The username the Kafka Receiver uses to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;basic\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationClientCertContent** | **string** | The PEM formatted content for the client certificate used by the Kafka Receiver to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;client-certificate\&quot;. Alternatively this will be used for other values of authenticationScheme when the Kafka Broker has an &#x60;ssl.client.auth&#x60; setting of \&quot;requested\&quot; or \&quot;required\&quot; and KIP-684 (mTLS) is supported by the Kafka Broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationClientCertPassword** | **string** | The password for the client certificate. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;client-certificate\&quot;. Alternatively this will be used for other values of authenticationScheme when the Kafka Broker has an &#x60;ssl.client.auth&#x60; setting of \&quot;requested\&quot; or \&quot;required\&quot; and KIP-684 (mTLS) is supported by the Kafka Broker.  The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationKerberosKeytabContent** | **string** | The base64-encoded content of this User Principal&#x27;s keytab.  The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.40. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationKerberosKeytabFileName** | **string** | The name of this User Principal&#x27;s keytab file.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.40. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationKerberosServiceName** | **string** | The Kerberos service name of the remote Kafka broker, not including /hostname@REALM.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.40. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationKerberosUserPrincipalName** | **string** | The Kerberos user principal name of the Kafka Receiver. This must include the @&amp;lt;REALM&amp;gt; suffix.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.40. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationOauthClientId** | **string** | The OAuth client ID. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;oauth-client\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationOauthClientScope** | **string** | The OAuth scope. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;oauth-client\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationOauthClientSecret** | **string** | The OAuth client secret. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;oauth-client\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationOauthClientTokenEndpoint** | **string** | The OAuth token endpoint URL that the Kafka Receiver will use to request a token for login to the Kafka broker. Must begin with \&quot;https\&quot;. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;oauth-client\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationScheme** | **string** | The authentication scheme for the Kafka Receiver. The bootstrap addresses must resolve to an appropriately configured and compatible listener port on the Kafka Broker for the given scheme.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;none\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;none\&quot; - Anonymous Authentication. Used with Kafka Broker PLAINTEXT listener ports. \&quot;aws-msk-iam\&quot; - Amazon Web Services (AWS) Managed Streaming for Kafka (MSK) Identity and Access Management (IAM) Authentication. Requires encryption. \&quot;aws-msk-iam-sts\&quot; - AWS MSK IAM with Security Token Service (STS) Authentication. Requires encryption. \&quot;basic\&quot; - Basic Authentication. Used with Kafka Broker SASL_PLAINTEXT and SASL_SSL listener ports. \&quot;scram\&quot; - Salted Challenge Response Authentication. Used with Kafka Broker SASL_PLAINTEXT and SASL_SSL listener ports. \&quot;client-certificate\&quot; - Client Certificate Authentication. Used with Kafka Broker SSL listener ports. \&quot;kerberos\&quot; - Kerberos Authentication. \&quot;oauth-client\&quot; - Oauth Authentication. Used with Kafka Broker SASL_SSL listener ports. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationScramHash** | **string** | The hash used for SCRAM authentication. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;scram\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;sha-512\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;sha-256\&quot; - SHA-2 256 bits. \&quot;sha-512\&quot; - SHA-2 512 bits. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationScramPassword** | **string** | The password for the Username. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;scram\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthenticationScramUsername** | **string** | The username the Kafka Receiver uses to login to the remote Kafka broker. To be used when authenticationScheme is \&quot;scram\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchDelay** | **int32** | Delay (in ms) to wait to accumulate a batch of messages to receive. Batching is done on a per-partition basis.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;fetch.max.wait.ms&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;500&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchMaxSize** | **int32** | Maximum size of a message batch, in bytes (B). Batching is done on a per-partition basis.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;fetch.min.bytes&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**BootstrapAddressList** | **string** | Comma separated list of addresses (and optional ports) of brokers in the Kafka Cluster from which the state of the entire Kafka Cluster can be learned. If a port is not provided with an address it will default to 9092.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;bootstrap.servers&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the Kafka Receiver.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupId** | **string** | The id of the Kafka consumer group for the Receiver.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;group.id&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupKeepaliveInterval** | **int32** | The time (in ms) between sending keepalives to the group.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;heartbeat.interval.ms&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;3000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupKeepaliveTimeout** | **int32** | The time (in ms) until unresponsive group members are removed, triggering a partition rebalance across other members of the group.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;session.timeout.ms&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;45000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupMembershipType** | **string** | The membership type of the Kafka consumer group for the Receiver. Static members can leave and rejoin the group (within groupKeepaliveTimeout) without prompting a group rebalance.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;group.instance.id&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;dynamic\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;dynamic\&quot; - Dynamic Membership. \&quot;static\&quot; - Static Membership. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**GroupPartitionSchemeList** | **string** | The ordered, comma-separated list of schemes used for partition assignment of the consumer group for this Receiver. Both Eager (\&quot;range\&quot;, \&quot;roundrobin\&quot;) and Cooperative (\&quot;cooperative-sticky\&quot;) schemes are supported. The elected group leader will choose the first common strategy provided by all members of the group. Eager and Cooperative schemes must not be mixed. For more information on these schemes, see Kafka documentation.  This corresponds to the Kafka consumer API &#x60;partition.assignment.strategy&#x60; configuration setting.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;range,roundrobin\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**KafkaReceiverName** | **string** | The name of the Kafka Receiver.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MetadataTopicExcludeList** | **string** | A comma-separated list of POSIX.2 regular expressions. Commas within each regular expression must be escaped as double commas. Any matching topic names will be ignored in broker metadata.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MetadataTopicRefreshInterval** | **int32** | The time between refreshes of topic metadata from the Kafka Cluster.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;30000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TransportTlsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable encryption (TLS) for the Kafka Receiver. The bootstrap addresses must resolve to PLAINTEXT or SASL_PLAINTEXT listener ports when disabled, and SSL or SASL_SSL listener ports when enabled.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Modifying this attribute while the object (or the relevant part of the object) is administratively enabled may be service impacting as enabled will be temporarily set to false to apply the change. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

