# MsgVpnAuthenticationOauthProvider

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AudienceClaimName** | **string** | The audience claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the audience.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;aud\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceClaimSource** | **string** | The audience claim source, indicating where to search for the audience value.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;id-token\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceClaimValue** | **string** | The required audience value for a token to be considered valid.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AudienceValidationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable audience validation.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupClaimName** | **string** | The authorization group claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the authorization group.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;scope\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupClaimSource** | **string** | The authorization group claim source, indicating where to search for the authorization group name.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;id-token\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthorizationGroupEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable OAuth based authorization. When enabled, the configured authorization type for OAuth clients is overridden.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**DisconnectOnTokenExpirationEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable the disconnection of clients when their tokens expire. Changing this value does not affect existing clients, only new client connections.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable OAuth Provider client authentication.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksRefreshInterval** | **int32** | The number of seconds between forced JWKS public key refreshing.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;86400&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**JwksUri** | **string** | The URI where the OAuth provider publishes its JWKS public keys.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. Deprecated since 2.25. Replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**OauthProviderName** | **string** | The name of the OAuth Provider.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. Deprecated since 2.25. Replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIgnoreTimeLimitsEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable whether to ignore time limits and accept tokens that are not yet valid or are no longer valid.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionParameterName** | **string** | The parameter name used to identify the token during access token introspection. A standards compliant OAuth introspection server expects \&quot;token\&quot;.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;token\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionPassword** | **string** | The password to use when logging into the token introspection URI.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. This attribute is absent from a GET and not updated when absent in a PUT, subject to the exceptions [here](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/SEMP-API-Archit.htm#HTTP_Methods). Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionTimeout** | **int32** | The maximum time in seconds a token introspection is allowed to take.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionUri** | **string** | The token introspection URI of the OAuth authentication server.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenIntrospectionUsername** | **string** | The username to use when logging into the token introspection URI.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameClaimName** | **string** | The username claim name, indicating which part of the object to use for determining the username.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;sub\&quot;&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameClaimSource** | **string** | The username claim source, indicating where to search for the username value.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;id-token\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;access-token\&quot; - The OAuth v2 access_token. \&quot;id-token\&quot; - The OpenID Connect id_token. \&quot;introspection\&quot; - The result of introspecting the OAuth v2 access_token. &lt;/pre&gt;  Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]
**UsernameValidateEnabled** | [****bool**](*bool.md) | Enable or disable whether the API provided username will be validated against the username calculated from the token(s); the connection attempt is rejected if they differ.  The minimum access scope/level required to retrieve this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-only\&quot;. The minimum access scope/level required to change this attribute is \&quot;vpn/read-write\&quot;. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Deprecated since 2.25. authenticationOauthProviders replaced by authenticationOauthProfiles. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

